# GitHub 热榜 Top 10 (2026-03-04)

> 自动生成

## Top Projects

### obra/superpowers
- ⭐ 69601 stars
- An agentic skills framework & software development methodology that works.

### ruvnet/RuView
- ⭐ 25755 stars
- π RuView: WiFi DensePose turns commodity WiFi signals into real-time human pose estimation, vital sign monitoring, and presence detection — all without a single pixel of video. 

### bytedance/deer-flow
- ⭐ 24150 stars
- An open-source SuperAgent harness that researches, codes, and creates. With the help of sandboxes, memories, tools, skills and subagents, it handles different levels of tasks that could take minutes to hours.

### moeru-ai/airi
- ⭐ 22351 stars
- 💖🧸 Self hosted, you-owned Grok Companion, a container of souls of waifu, cyber livings to bring them into our worlds, wishing to achieve Neuro-sama's altitude. Capable of realtime voice chat, Minecraft, Factorio playing. Web / macOS / Windows supported.

### clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB
- ⭐  stars
- Development at the speed of light

### shareAI-lab/learn-claude-code
- ⭐ 20954 stars
- Bash is all you need -  A nano Claude Code–like agent, built from 0 to 1

### muratcankoylan/Agent-Skills-for-Context-Engineering
- ⭐ 13230 stars
- A comprehensive collection of Agent Skills for context engineering, multi-agent architectures, and production agent systems. Use when building, optimizing, or debugging agent systems that require effective context management.

### abhigyanpatwari/GitNexus
- ⭐ 9297 stars
- GitNexus: The Zero-Server Code Intelligence Engine -       GitNexus is a client-side knowledge graph creator that runs entirely in your browser. Drop in a GitHub repo or ZIP file, and get an interactive knowledge graph wit a built in Graph RAG Agent. Perfect for code exploration

### xpzouying/xiaohongshu-mcp
- ⭐ 10015 stars
- MCP for xiaohongshu.com

### moonshine-ai/moonshine
- ⭐ 6879 stars
- Fast and accurate automatic speech recognition (ASR) for edge devices

## 更多
- [GitHub Trending](https://github.com/trending)
